.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

Please answer the following questions.

1. What is your name?


2. How long did you work on this project?


3. What is the most challenging part of the project?


4. What did you learn from this project?


5. What would you like to add or improve in this project?


6. What is your feedback on this project?


7. What is your suggestion for this project?


8. Could you mark which of the following requirements you have completed?

Create a Todo App todo the following requirements:

- [ ] It should be possible to create a task.
- [ ] It should be possible to read a task.
- [ ] It should be possible to mark a task as completed.
- [ ] It should be possible to update the title of task.
- [ ] It should be possible to delete a task.
- [ ] It should be possible to list all tasks.
- [ ] It should be possible to list all completed tasks.
- [ ] It should be possible to list all pending tasks.

Once competed, you can submit a pull request to the original repository.

Ensure:

- [ ] The code is clean and readable.
- [ ] The code is well-structured.
- [ ] The code is well-commented.
- [ ] Only the required files are committed.
- [ ] Answer the questions in the pull request template.

Commit message:

Completed the ToDo Management System with all necessary requirements

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

Please answer the following questions.

1. What is your name?
Bardan Dhakal

2. How long did you work on this project?
1 hr 50 min

3. What is the most challenging part of the project?
The most challenging part of this project was handling the list completed and incompleted tasks requirement. Since, I had already implemented the list all task requirements via a GET /tasks route, the new route that I implemented to filter tasks based upon completion was not working because the first GET /tasks route was always implemented. Therefore the second route that implemented filtering based on completion never worked. This took me a while to figure out and I solved the issue by merging the two routes.

4. What did you learn from this project?
I learned how to build a RESTful API that supports CRUD operations for task management. Additionally, I gained experience in working with query parameters for filtering data, Debugging path conflicts and improving the overall structure and error handling of a Node.js application

5. What would you like to add or improve in this project?
I would like to add a search functionality to allow the users to search tasks by keywords and soft deletion where deleted tasks can be recovered if needed by the user.

6. What is your feedback on this project?
This project is a great exercise to learn full-stack development concepts especially API design.

7. What is your suggestion for this project?
I want to suggest introducing a frontend to this project to make it more user-friendly and adding documentation for better usability.

8. Could you mark which of the following requirements you have completed?

Create a Todo App todo the following requirements:

- [Completed] It should be possible to create a task.
- [Completed] It should be possible to read a task.
- [Completed] It should be possible to mark a task as completed.
- [Completed] It should be possible to update the title of task.
- [Completed] It should be possible to delete a task.
- [Completed] It should be possible to list all tasks.
- [Completed] It should be possible to list all completed tasks.
- [Completed] It should be possible to list all pending tasks.

Once competed, you can submit a pull request to the original repository.

Ensure:

- [ ] The code is clean and readable.
- [ ] The code is well-structured.
- [ ] The code is well-commented.
- [ ] Only the required files are committed.
- [ ] Answer the questions in the pull request template.
